bergmans@bergmans.us            lucas@bergmans.us, cristin@bergmans.us
statement@bergmans.us           bergmans@bergmans.us
statements@bergmans.us          bergmans@bergmans.us
postmaster@bergmans.us          lucas@bergmans.us
webmaster@bergmans.us           lucas@bergmans.us
hostmaster@bergmans.us          lucas@bergmans.us
abuse@bergmans.us               lucas@bergmans.us

lucas@boozyprofessor.com        lucas@bergmans.us
hostmaster@boozyprofessor.com   lucas@bergmans.us
postmaster@boozyprofessor.com   lucas@bergmans.us
webmaster@boozyprofessor.com    lucas@bergmans.us
abuse@boozyprofessor.com        lucas@bergmans.us

lucas@blurt.chat                lucas@bergmans.us
hostmaster@blurt.chat           lucas@bergmans.us
postmaster@blurt.chat           lucas@bergmans.us
webmaster@blurt.chat            lucas@bergmans.us
abuse@blurt.chat                lucas@bergmans.us

lucas@maunder.chat              lucas@bergmans.us
hostmaster@maunder.chat         lucas@bergmans.us
postmaster@maunder.chat         lucas@bergmans.us
webmaster@maunder.chat          lucas@bergmans.us
abuse@maunder.chat              lucas@bergmans.us

elizabeth@smartgirltravel.com   audrey@bergmans.us
lucas@smartgirltravel.com       lucas@bergmans.us
cristin@smartgirltravel.com     cristin@bergmans.us
hostmaster@smartgirltravel.com  lucas@bergmans.us
postmaster@smartgirltravel.com  lucas@bergmans.us
webmaster@smartgirltravel.com   lucas@bergmans.us

lucas@smartmousetravel.com      lucas@bergmans.us
cristin@smartmousetravel.com    cristin@bergmans.us
hostmaster@smartmousetravel.com lucas@bergmans.us
postmaster@smartmousetravel.com lucas@bergmans.us
webmaster@smartmousetravel.com  cristin@bergmans.us

audrey@bergman.house            audrey@bergmans.us
cristin@bergman.house           cristin@bergmans.us
lucas@bergman.house             lucas@bergmans.us
connie@bergman.house            connie@bergmans.us
steve@bergman.house             steve@bergmans.us
kate@bergman.house              kate@bergmans.us
phone@bergman.house             lucas@bergmans.us
hostmaster@bergman.house        lucas@bergmans.us
postmaster@bergman.house        lucas@bergmans.us
abuse@bergman.house             lucas@bergmans.us
